This directory contains a number of basic (image, caption) pairs to use as inputs for our model.
More details on the images included, and the structure of the prompts, can be found below.

Prompt Engineering
To simplify prompt generation, we can enforce a prompt structure. The structure I propose is based
on prompt engineering papers, and general guides (links below)

Prompt Structure:
"Sticker design of" + Subject Terms + Image Prompts + Style Modifiers

1) "Sticker design of" - Tells the model to create a 'sticker' like image. Typically this produces
a white background and distinct cutout, with simple and cartoon-like images depicted.

2) Subject Terms - The primary subject or focus of the design. For simplicity, we can limit the
possible subjects to Rice-specific symbols, and provide them to the user via a dropdown menu.
Examples: Owl, kangaroo, pig, whale

3) Image Prompts - Optional provision of visual target for style and subject of the image.
Available as files in the /BaseImages directory, correlating to the subject terms. There are four variations
for each of the listed subjects available as a basic sticker design.

4) Style Modifiers - Can be added to prompt to produce images in a certain style. will consistently
reproduce a characteristic style.
Tangible examples: riding a motorcycle, wearing a hat, playing soccer, using a laptop
Stylistic examples: minimalist, cartoon, monochrome, picasso

Examples are included in the /Examples subdirectory. A full printout of the images generated can
be found in the prompt_generations.txt file

Our current UI can be altered in the prompt editing branch to support accepting this style input.
In addition, there are many different model-specific tweaks that can be made, such as weight editing,
or case sensitivity. There are also more advanced prompt engineering techniques. The resources below
describe the use of quality boosters, repetition, and magic terms.

Resources
Paper on taxonomy of prompts - https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.13988.pdf
General guide on prompt engineering - https://towardsdatascience.com/a-beginners-guide-to-prompt-design-for-text-to-image-generative-models-8242e1361580
Comprehensive reference of stylistic DALL-E 2 prompts - https://dallery.gallery/the-dalle-2-prompt-book/
